python        3.9.9 2.7.18
direnv        latest
node          18.16.0
rust          latest
deno          latest
go            latest
bun           latest
pnpm          latest
ruby          3.0.6
chezmoi       latest
tmux          latest
gh            latest
fzf           latest
bat           latest
exa           latest
procs         latest
starship      latest
1password-cli latest
act           latest
actionlint    latest
cheat         latest
dagger        latest
delta         latest
difftastic    latest
direnv        latest
duf           latest
fd            latest
fx            latest
git           latest
glow          latest
jq            latest
just          latest
lazygit       latest
neovim        latest
ripgrep       latest
sqlite        latest
tree-sitter   latest
xh            latest
zellij        latest
zoxide        latest
